.TH PAT 1 "2017-09-04" "" "Pat Overview"
.SH NAME
pat \- a cross platform Winlink client with basic messaging capabilities
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBpat\fP [options] \fIcommand\fP [arguments]
.SS Commands
.TP
\fIconnect\fP
Connect to a remote station.
.TP
\fIinteractive\fP
Run interactive mode.
.TP
\fIhttp\fP
Run http server for web gui.
.TP
\fIcompose\fP
Compose a new message.
.TP
\fIcomposeform\fP
Compose a new message based on a Winlink-style form, e.g. the ICS213 form.
.TP
\fIread\fP
Read Messages.
.TP
\fIposition\fP
Post a position report (GPSd or manual entry).
.TP
\fIextract\fP
Extract attachments from a message file.
.TP
\fIrmslist\fP
Print/search in list of RMS nodes.
.TP
\fIconfigure\fP
Open configuration file for editing.
.TP
\fIversion\fP
Print the application version.
.TP
\fIhelp\fP
Print detailed help for a given command.
.SS Options
.TP
\fR--config string\fP
Path to config file (located in the \fIPAT_CONFIG_PATH\fP returned from \fIpat env\fP).
.TP
\fR--event-log string\fP
Path to event log file (located in the \fIPAT_CONFIG_PATH\fP returned from \fIpat env\fP).
.TP
\fR--ignore-busy\fP
Don't wait for clear channel before connevting to a node.
.TP
\fR-l, --listen string\fP
Comma-separated list of methods to listen on (e.g. ardop,telnet,ax25).
.TP
\fR--log string\fP
Path to log file. The file is truncated on each startup (located in the \fIPAT_LOG_PATH\fP returned from \fIpat env\fP).
.TP
\fR--mbox string\fP
Path to mailbox directory (located in the \fIPAT_MAILBOX_PATH\fP returned from \fIpat env\fP).
.TP
\fR--mycall string\fP
Your callsing (winlink user).
.TP
\fR--radio-only\fP
Radio Only mode (Winlink Hybrid RMS only).
.TP
\fR-s, --send-only\fP
Download inbound messages later, send only.
.SH "See Also"
pat-configure(1)
